fluent: docs: style updates for history page (#1479)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: about/history.md

> description: Every project has a story

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: A brief history of Fluent Bit
description: Every project has a story
```

---

# A brief history of Fluent Bit

In 2014, the [Fluentd](https://www.fluentd.org/) team at
[Treasure Data](https://www.treasuredata.com/) was forecasting the need for a
lightweight log processor for constraint environments like embedded Linux and
gateways. The project aimed to be part of the Fluentd ecosystem. At that moment,

> Eduardo created [Fluent Bit](https://fluentbit.io/), a new open source solution,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eduardo Silva created [Fluent Bit](https://fluentbit.io/), a new open source solution,
```

written from scratch and available under the terms of the
[Apache License v2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

> After the project was around for some time, it got more traction for normal Linux
> systems. With the new containerized world, the Cloud Native community asked to
> extend the project scope to support more sources, filters, and destinations. Not
> so long after, Fluent Bit became one of the preferred solutions to solve the logging
> challenges in Cloud environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the project matured, it gained traction for normal Linux systems. With the
new containerized world, the Cloud Native community asked to extend the 
project scope to support more sources, filters, and destinations. Not long after,
Fluent Bit became one of the preferred solutions to solve the logging challenges
in Cloud environments.
```
